STYLE GUIDE for the Reference Manual

The first version of the reference manual was designed around the model of UNIX
manual pages.  While this is convenient for some uses, it is not the principal
way that this documentation is accessed, and we are thus making changes that are
more in line with how this is used by users, and friendlier for folks who may not
have thirty-odd years of UNIX history behind them.

1. Section numbers are gone.  Don't use them.

2. Organize pages logically into functional areas.

3. The NAME section is gone.  Instead the title is a level 2 title of the page.

4. Section names are in Title Case, not UPPERCASE.  The rationale here is
   that while upper case is nicer for reading man pages in a monochrome text terminal, this
   again is not how these are accessed, and the huge fonts and SCREAMING CASE is generally
   hostile (to the user, and the use of screen or paper real-estate.)
   
5. Functions in prose are given without parens (e.g. `printf` not `printf()`.)  Rationale
   is that it reads better and those parens waste space and break the reading flow while
   not really aiding comprehension.
   
6. Variables are in _italics_ (just like before).

7. Avoid long sentences.  Especially avoid the use of the semicolon.

8. Avoid passive voice.

9. One sentence per line, without breaking for columns.  (Eases certain editing and
   future processing.)
   
10. Use Markdown compatible syntax when possible.  E.g. ## Title not == Title.  (Rationale -
    easier to read and edit in markdown only contexts, and easier for future conversion tasks.)
    
11. Limit cross-references to only those that are immediately useful, such as functions that
    will necessarily be used together or whether the cross reference might otherwise not be
    obvious.  Don't link to thinks that are also.  Rationale: Again, these aren't man pages,
    and the presentation will always be together with related content, so a long list of SEE ALSO
    links doesn't really bring value, and dilutes the value to be gained by any meaningful cross
    references.
    
12. Don't keep "empty" sections, like "RETURN VALUES ... None." for a function that is void.
    This again is hostile to readability and wastes space.
    
13. Inline cross references should be made only once.  No need to fill the page with links.
    Repeated links don't bring value and simply interfere with the flow of the text.
    
14. Limit the use of callouts and admonitions.  Too many of these create fatigue for the
    reader without really helping.  Consider using foot-notes for supplementary information
    that isn't critical.